readme.md, before:

### Here are the 500 most commonly used words in the English language. Learn these and you will know more than two-third of all vocabulary in written English.

# A list of the 500 most used words
the of to and a in is it you that he was for on are with as I his they be at one have this from or had by hot but some what there we can out other were all your when up use word how said an each she which do their time if will way about many then them would write like so these her long make thing see him two has look more day could go come did my sound no most number who over know water than call first people may down side been now find any new work part take get place made live where after back little only round man year came show every good me give our under name very through just form much great think say help low line before turn cause same mean differ move right boy old too does tell sentence set three want air well also play small end put home read hand port large spell add even land here must big high such follow act why ask men change went light kind off need house picture try us again animal point mother world near build self earth father head stand own page should country found answer school grow study still learn plant cover food sun four thought let keep eye never last door between city tree cross since hard start might story saw far sea draw left late run don't while press close night real life few stop open seem together next white children begin got walk example ease paper often always music those both mark book letter until mile river car feet care second group carry took rain eat room friend began idea fish mountain north once base hear horse cut sure watch color face wood main enough plain girl usual young ready above ever red list though feel talk bird soon body dog family direct pose leave song measure state product black short numeral class wind question happen complete ship area half rock order fire south problem piece told knew pass farm top whole king size heard best hour better TRUE during hundred am remember step early hold west ground interest reach fast five sing listen six table travel less morning ten simple several vowel toward war lay against pattern slow center love person money serve appear road map science rule govern pull cold notice voice fall power town fine certain fly unit lead cry dark machine note wait plan figure star box noun field rest correct able pound done beauty drive stood contain front teach week final gave green oh quick develop sleep warm free minute strong special mind behind clear tail produce fact street inch lot nothing course stay wheel full force blue object decide surface deep moon island foot yet busy test record boat common gold possible plane age dry wonder laugh thousand ago ran check game shape yes hot miss brought heat snow bed bring sit perhaps fill east weight language among
 

E-Mail and Address 


## A list of the 500 most used words

1.  the ✓
2.  of 
3.  to
4.  and
5.  a
6.  in
7.  is
8.  it
9.  you
10.  that
11.  he
12.  was
13.  for
14.  on
15.  are
16.  with
17.  as
18.  I
19.  his
20.  they
21.  be
22.  at
23.  one
24.  have
25.  this
26.  from
27.  or
28.  had
29.  by
30.  hot
31.  but
32.  some
33.  what
34.  there
35.  we
36.  can
37.  out
38.  other
39.  were
40.  all
41.  your
42.  when
43.  up
44.  use
45.  word
46.  how
47.  said
48.  an
49.  each
50.  she
51.  which
52.  do
53.  their
54.  time
55.  if
56.  will
57.  way
58.  about
59.  many
60.  then
61.  them
62.  would
63.  write
64.  like
65.  so
66.  these
67.  her
68.  long
69.  make
70.  thing
71.  see
72.  him
73.  two
74.  has
75.  look
76.  more
77.  day
78.  could
79.  go
80.  come
81.  did
82.  my
83.  sound
84.  no
85.  most
86.  number
87.  who
88.  over
89.  know
90.  water
91.  than
92.  call
93.  first
94.  people
95.  may
96.  down
97.  side
98.  been
99.  now
100.  find     
101.  any
102.  new
103.  work
104.  part
105.  take
106.  get
107.  place
108.  made     (Is it the pass of make ?)😳
109.  live
110.  where
111.  after
112.  back
113.  little
114.  only
115.  round
116.  man
117.  year
118.  came
119.  show
120.  every
121.  good
122.  me
123.  give
124.  our
125.  under
126.  name
127.  very
128.  through
129.  just
130.  form
131.  much
132.  great
133.  think
134.  say
135.  help
136.  low
137.  line
138.  before
139.  turn
140.  cause  😜
141.  same
142.  mean
143.  differ ?🤪
144.  move
145.  right
146.  boy
147.  old
148.  too
149.  does
150.  tell
151.  sentence
152.  set
153.  three
154.  want
155.  air
156.  well
157.  also
158.  play
159.  small
160.  end
161.  put
162.  home
163.  read
164.  hand
165.  port ?😳
166.  large
167.  spell
168.  add
169.  even
170.  land
171.  here
172.  must
173.  big
174.  high
175.  such 🤪
176.  follow
177.  act🤪
178.  why
179.  ask
180.  men
181.  change
182.  went
183.  light
184.  kind
185.  off
186.  need
187.  house
188.  picture
189.  try
190.  us     
191.  again
192.  animal
193.  point
194.  mother
195.  world
196.  near
197.  build
198.  self
199.  earth (not sure how to read)
200.  father
201.  head
202.  stand
203.  own🤓
204.  page
205.  should
206.  country
207.  found
208.  answer
209.  school
210.  grow
211.  study
212.  still
213.  learn
214.  plant
215.  cover
216.  food
217.  sun
218.  four
219.  thought
220.  let
221.  keep
222.  eye
223.  never
224.  last
225.  door
226.  between
227.  city
228.  tree
229.  cross
230.  since
231.  hard
232.  start
233.  might🐢
234.  story
235.  saw
236.  far
237.  sea
238.  draw
239.  left
240.  late
241.  run
242.  don't
243.  while 🐢
244.  press
245.  close
246.  night
247.  real
248.  life
249.  few
250.  stop
251.  open
252.  seem (what? )🐍
253.  together
254.  next
255.  white
256.  children
257.  begin
258.  got
259.  walk
260.  example
261.  ease ++🐠
262.  paper
263.  often
264.  always
265.  music
266.  those🐬
267.  both
268.  mark
269.  book
270.  letter
271.  until
272.  mile
273.  river
274.  car
275.  feet
276.  care
277.  second
278.  group
279.  carry
280.  took
281.  rain
282.  eat
283.  room
284.  friend
285.  began
286.  idea
287.  fish
288.  mountain
289.  north
290.  once
291.  base
292.  hear
293.  horse
294.  cut
295.  sure
296.  watch
297.  color
298.  face
299.  wood
300.  main
301.  enough
302.  plain
303.  girl
304.  usual 
305.  young
306.  ready
307.  above 1🪱2🦅3🐺
308.  ever 1🦊
309.  red
310.  list
311.  though🐛
312.  feel
313.  talk
314.  bird
315.  soon
316.  body
317.  dog
318.  family
319.  direct🐌
320.  pose
321.  leave
322.  song
323.  measure🐴
324.  state 23🐮
325.  product
326.  black
327.  short
328.  numeral (neverl rameber saw this word )🐭
329.  class
330.  wind
331.  question
332.  happen
333.  complete
334.  ship
335.  area
336.  half
337.  rock
338.  order
339.  fire
340.  south
341.  problem
342.  piece 223🐼
343.  told
344.  knew
345.  pass
346.  farm 1🦊
347.  top
348.  whole -🐰
349.  king
350.  size
351.  heard
352.  best
353.  hour
354.  better
355.  TRUE
356.  during -🦁
357.  hundred
358.  am
359.  remember
360.  step
361.  early
362.  hold
363.  west
364.  ground
365.  interest
366.  reach --🐣
367.  fast
368.  five
369.  sing
370.  listen
371.  six
372.  table
373.  travel
374.  less
375.  morning
376.  ten
377.  simple
378.  several -🐱
379.  vowel🐰
380.  toward🐰
381.  war🐰
382.  lay🦊
383.  against🦆
384.  pattern🐒
385.  slow
386.  center
387.  love
388.  person
389.  money
390.  serve
391.  appear🦖
392.  road
393.  map
394.  science
395.  rule
396.  govern -🐓
397.  pull 
398.  cold
399.  notice
400.  voice
401.  fall
402.  power
403.  town
404.  fine
405.  certain 🪶
406.  fly
407.  unit
408.  lead
409.  cry
410.  dark -🦚
411.  machine
412.  note
413.  wait
414.  plan
415.  figure🦩
416.  star
417.  box
418.  noun
419.  field🦩
420.  rest
421.  correct🦜
422.  able --🦓
423.  pound -🐠
424.  done
425.  beauty
426.  drive
427.  stood --🐫
428.  contain🎄
429.  front
430.  teach
431.  week
432.  final ----2🍄
433.  gave🍄
434.  green
435.  oh
436.  quick
437.  develop🍄
438.  sleep
439.  warm
440.  free
441.  minute
442.  strong
443.  special🍄
444.  mind
445.  behind
446.  clear
447.  tail
448.  produce -🍄
449.  fact
450.  street
451.  inch🍄
452.  lot
453.  nothing
454.  course
455.  stay -🍎
456.  wheel
457.  full
458.  force -🍎
459.  blue
460.  object
461.  decide🍎
462.  surface🍎
463.  deep
464.  moon
465.  island
466.  foot
467.  yet
468.  busy
469.  test
470.  record🍊
471.  boat
472.  common
473.  gold
474.  possible -🍉
475.  plane
476.  age
477.  dry
478.  wonder🍎
479.  laugh🧄
480.  thousand
481.  ago
482.  ran
483.  check
484.  game
485.  shape
486.  yes
487.  hot
488.  miss
489.  brought🍑
490.  heat
491.  snow
492.  bed
493.  bring --🍩
494.  sit
495.  perhaps -⛳️
496.  fill 🏓🎱
497.  east
498.  weight -🤽🏻
499.  language
500.  among 🏋🏽‍♀️

Commit message:

Learning english for some way

readme.md, after:

> Get new words meaning for some ways
```
 Note: I feel many word I could read that ,but can not sure how to write if.
 I need more time to practice write these normal words .
 This is my firt time to write some artice by english, It is have a lots wrong words . I am sorry!
 I will try to let them crectt more. one word by one word .one setup by one setup .
 Thanks! Tom Code
```

# First choose , To See the words images for some website
Throught the photes to get the new word means, neve do not use your hometown languages .
Connect the new word with his photes ,not your first langaes.

[https://icons8.com/icons/set/rest](https://icons8.com/icons/set/rest)
[https://stock.adobe.com/](https://stock.adobe.com/)
[https://iconscout.com/icons/rest](https://iconscout.com/icons/rest)
[https://iconfinder.com/](https://iconfinder.com/)
Or Google images/shopping 
If the word is a product ,We could searching on Amazon eabay  .

# Check the word root meaning and history at the dictionary.
[www.etymonline.com](https://www.etymonline.com)
Or Added the erymoline chrome pluger to the Chrome ,it is really userfull.

# Dictionay online

# Youtube wach the video.



### Here are the 500 most commonly used words in the English language. Learn these and you will know more than two-third of all vocabulary in written English.

# A list of the 500 most used words
the of to and a in is it you that he was for on are with as I his they be at one have this from or had by hot but some what there we can out other were all your when up use word how said an each she which do their time if will way about many then them would write like so these her long make thing see him two has look more day could go come did my sound no most number who over know water than call first people may down side been now find any new work part take get place made live where after back little only round man year came show every good me give our under name very through just form much great think say help low line before turn cause same mean differ move right boy old too does tell sentence set three want air well also play small end put home read hand port large spell add even land here must big high such follow act why ask men change went light kind off need house picture try us again animal point mother world near build self earth father head stand own page should country found answer school grow study still learn plant cover food sun four thought let keep eye never last door between city tree cross since hard start might story saw far sea draw left late run don't while press close night real life few stop open seem together next white children begin got walk example ease paper often always music those both mark book letter until mile river car feet care second group carry took rain eat room friend began idea fish mountain north once base hear horse cut sure watch color face wood main enough plain girl usual young ready above ever red list though feel talk bird soon body dog family direct pose leave song measure state product black short numeral class wind question happen complete ship area half rock order fire south problem piece told knew pass farm top whole king size heard best hour better TRUE during hundred am remember step early hold west ground interest reach fast five sing listen six table travel less morning ten simple several vowel toward war lay against pattern slow center love person money serve appear road map science rule govern pull cold notice voice fall power town fine certain fly unit lead cry dark machine note wait plan figure star box noun field rest correct able pound done beauty drive stood contain front teach week final gave green oh quick develop sleep warm free minute strong special mind behind clear tail produce fact street inch lot nothing course stay wheel full force blue object decide surface deep moon island foot yet busy test record boat common gold possible plane age dry wonder laugh thousand ago ran check game shape yes hot miss brought heat snow bed bring sit perhaps fill east weight language among
 

E-Mail and Address 


## A list of the 500 most used words

1.  the ✓
2.  of 
3.  to
4.  and
5.  a
6.  in
7.  is
8.  it
9.  you
10.  that
11.  he
12.  was
13.  for
14.  on
15.  are
16.  with
17.  as
18.  I
19.  his
20.  they
21.  be
22.  at
23.  one
24.  have
25.  this
26.  from
27.  or
28.  had
29.  by
30.  hot
31.  but
32.  some
33.  what
34.  there
35.  we
36.  can
37.  out
38.  other
39.  were
40.  all
41.  your
42.  when
43.  up
44.  use
45.  word
46.  how
47.  said
48.  an
49.  each
50.  she
51.  which
52.  do
53.  their
54.  time
55.  if
56.  will
57.  way
58.  about
59.  many
60.  then
61.  them
62.  would
63.  write
64.  like
65.  so
66.  these
67.  her
68.  long
69.  make
70.  thing
71.  see
72.  him
73.  two
74.  has
75.  look
76.  more
77.  day
78.  could
79.  go
80.  come
81.  did
82.  my
83.  sound
84.  no
85.  most
86.  number
87.  who
88.  over
89.  know
90.  water
91.  than
92.  call
93.  first
94.  people
95.  may
96.  down
97.  side
98.  been
99.  now
100.  find     
101.  any
102.  new
103.  work
104.  part
105.  take
106.  get
107.  place
108.  made     (Is it the pass of make ?)😳
109.  live
110.  where
111.  after
112.  back
113.  little
114.  only
115.  round
116.  man
117.  year
118.  came
119.  show
120.  every
121.  good
122.  me
123.  give
124.  our
125.  under
126.  name
127.  very
128.  through
129.  just
130.  form
131.  much
132.  great
133.  think
134.  say
135.  help
136.  low
137.  line
138.  before
139.  turn
140.  cause  😜
141.  same
142.  mean
143.  differ ?🤪
144.  move
145.  right
146.  boy
147.  old
148.  too
149.  does
150.  tell
151.  sentence
152.  set
153.  three
154.  want
155.  air
156.  well
157.  also
158.  play
159.  small
160.  end
161.  put
162.  home
163.  read
164.  hand
165.  port ?😳
166.  large
167.  spell
168.  add
169.  even
170.  land
171.  here
172.  must
173.  big
174.  high
175.  such 🤪
176.  follow
177.  act🤪
178.  why
179.  ask
180.  men
181.  change
182.  went
183.  light
184.  kind
185.  off
186.  need
187.  house
188.  picture
189.  try
190.  us     
191.  again
192.  animal
193.  point
194.  mother
195.  world
196.  near
197.  build
198.  self
199.  earth (not sure how to read)
200.  father
201.  head
202.  stand
203.  own🤓
204.  page
205.  should
206.  country
207.  found
208.  answer
209.  school
210.  grow
211.  study
212.  still
213.  learn
214.  plant
215.  cover
216.  food
217.  sun
218.  four
219.  thought
220.  let
221.  keep
222.  eye
223.  never
224.  last
225.  door
226.  between
227.  city
228.  tree
229.  cross
230.  since
231.  hard
232.  start
233.  might🐢
234.  story
235.  saw
236.  far
237.  sea
238.  draw
239.  left
240.  late
241.  run
242.  don't
243.  while 🐢
244.  press
245.  close
246.  night
247.  real
248.  life
249.  few
250.  stop
251.  open
252.  seem (what? )🐍
253.  together
254.  next
255.  white
256.  children
257.  begin
258.  got
259.  walk
260.  example
261.  ease ++🐠
262.  paper
263.  often
264.  always
265.  music
266.  those🐬
267.  both
268.  mark
269.  book
270.  letter
271.  until
272.  mile
273.  river
274.  car
275.  feet
276.  care
277.  second
278.  group
279.  carry
280.  took
281.  rain
282.  eat
283.  room
284.  friend
285.  began
286.  idea
287.  fish
288.  mountain
289.  north
290.  once
291.  base
292.  hear
293.  horse
294.  cut
295.  sure
296.  watch
297.  color
298.  face
299.  wood
300.  main
301.  enough
302.  plain
303.  girl
304.  usual 
305.  young
306.  ready
307.  above 1🪱2🦅3🐺
308.  ever 1🦊
309.  red
310.  list
311.  though🐛
312.  feel
313.  talk
314.  bird
315.  soon
316.  body
317.  dog
318.  family
319.  direct🐌
320.  pose
321.  leave
322.  song
323.  measure🐴
324.  state 23🐮
325.  product
326.  black
327.  short
328.  numeral (neverl rameber saw this word )🐭
329.  class
330.  wind
331.  question
332.  happen
333.  complete
334.  ship
335.  area
336.  half
337.  rock
338.  order
339.  fire
340.  south
341.  problem
342.  piece 223🐼
343.  told
344.  knew
345.  pass
346.  farm 1🦊
347.  top
348.  whole -🐰
349.  king
350.  size
351.  heard
352.  best
353.  hour
354.  better
355.  TRUE
356.  during -🦁
357.  hundred
358.  am
359.  remember
360.  step
361.  early
362.  hold
363.  west
364.  ground
365.  interest
366.  reach --🐣
367.  fast
368.  five
369.  sing
370.  listen
371.  six
372.  table
373.  travel
374.  less
375.  morning
376.  ten
377.  simple
378.  several -🐱
379.  vowel🐰
380.  toward🐰
381.  war🐰
382.  lay🦊
383.  against🦆
384.  pattern🐒
385.  slow
386.  center
387.  love
388.  person
389.  money
390.  serve
391.  appear🦖
392.  road
393.  map
394.  science
395.  rule
396.  govern -🐓
397.  pull 
398.  cold
399.  notice
400.  voice
401.  fall
402.  power
403.  town
404.  fine
405.  certain 🪶
406.  fly
407.  unit
408.  lead
409.  cry
410.  dark -🦚
411.  machine
412.  note
413.  wait
414.  plan
415.  figure🦩
416.  star
417.  box
418.  noun
419.  field🦩
420.  rest
421.  correct🦜
422.  able --🦓
423.  pound -🐠
424.  done
425.  beauty
426.  drive
427.  stood --🐫
428.  contain🎄
429.  front
430.  teach
431.  week
432.  final ----2🍄
433.  gave🍄
434.  green
435.  oh
436.  quick
437.  develop🍄
438.  sleep
439.  warm
440.  free
441.  minute
442.  strong
443.  special🍄
444.  mind
445.  behind
446.  clear
447.  tail
448.  produce -🍄
449.  fact
450.  street
451.  inch🍄
452.  lot
453.  nothing
454.  course
455.  stay -🍎
456.  wheel
457.  full
458.  force -🍎
459.  blue
460.  object
461.  decide🍎
462.  surface🍎
463.  deep
464.  moon
465.  island
466.  foot
467.  yet
468.  busy
469.  test
470.  record🍊
471.  boat
472.  common
473.  gold
474.  possible -🍉
475.  plane
476.  age
477.  dry
478.  wonder🍎
479.  laugh🧄
480.  thousand
481.  ago
482.  ran
483.  check
484.  game
485.  shape
486.  yes
487.  hot
488.  miss
489.  brought🍑
490.  heat
491.  snow
492.  bed
493.  bring --🍩
494.  sit
495.  perhaps -⛳️
496.  fill 🏓🎱
497.  east
498.  weight -🤽🏻
499.  language
500.  among 🏋🏽‍♀️
